Hi everyone!
In this video we will learn how to join lists in Python.
There are several ways to join or concatenate two or more lists in Python.
One of the easiest ways are by using the plus operator like here.
In this example, with the plus operator, we concatenate list one to list two.
Another way to join two lists is by appending all the items from list two into list one one by one.
Here we iterate all elements in the list two, and we append each element to the list one.
Or you can use the extend method, where the purpose is to add elements from one list to another list,
like in this example, use the extend method to add list two at the end of list one, let's run some
code.
This is the first example using the plus operator.
And we have the concatenation and the join of the list one and list two.
The same operator using to concatenate string.
The second example is to append each element from the list two to the list one.
One by one.
We iterate all elements from list two, and we add each element to the list one.
We have the same result and the last method via the extend method.
Let's execute that.
Also, we have the same result.